# Car-Dealership-Management

This project Car Dealership Management is built to provide an efficient way for managing various aspects of a car dealership, including test drives, car purchase, car selling and scheduling car maintenance.
This portal involves in Customer details management where it allows the customer to manage or edit their own data including their contact information and provides employee the access to add new customer on to the portal. The Customer are provided with all four functionalities mentioned above, where customer can book an appointment for a cars test drive from a list of available appointments for car test drive. This test drive would be under the supervision of an employee who works for the Car Dealership.
The customer can make a new purchase of the car from the available inventory of cars and can view the list of cars they own. They are also provided with the car selling functionality where the customer can sell any of their purchased car, at a cost 10% lower than their initial purchase cost.
It also involves in car inventory management where the portal will allow the employee to manage their inventory of cars, including their make, model, year, and price. The Customer can make a purchase of new car and the purchases can include full payments and installment payments.
The system will allow the Customers to schedule maintenance activities for their purchased cars. Customers will be able to choose from various maintenance types, including specific car part maintenance. This maintenance activity would be managed by employees of dealership and based on the package selected by customer the cost for the total maintenance would be determined.
The employee can create appointments for car maintenance and test drive, which would be used by customer while booking for their test drive and car maintenance.
These features like employee profile management, customer management, inventory management, appointments management, test drive management, and maintenance management will help the dealership streamline their operations and improve their customer experience.
